Of course.
Compared to Giang Vinh Group
Our progress is fast, not slow.
Also, they can finish two projects at the same time at this time.
I can only explain one problem.
What's the problem?
Do you remember what I said when I first arrived?
Mr. Ha, please rest assured.
There's a promise here.
There's no problem with backwardness.
But recently Jiang Vinh's new landmark design has been half completed.
We're just getting started.
Won't you?
That one.
It's just a published design sketch.
There are design flaws.
A lot of numerical calculations have yet to be completed.
If they keep using my sketches
There will definitely be trouble in court.
I mean...
They're always holding your draft.
From the results
Of course.
So the general does not need to worry at all.
If so
So wasn't the river crossing when I quit my job and emailed the Giang Vinh Group a reminder?
I don't know what the level of this guy is.
But because the river crossing project was given to him.
He has to carry the rugged molecules himself.
Everyone's been hard this time.
Take control.
The whole technical department has a 3-day break.
Take a break.
Full preparation for listing is
The promise is completed today.
Let's go clear.
Don't you know how to drink?
What am I talking about?
I told you you couldn't.
Drink.
Have you liked me in 10 days?